alright alright so again on the ground
you can't reach your home can you Jim
get the phone ok it's fine let them
dangle there we'll be fine we'll play
with it later alright I'm gonna relax
just relax doesn't give me a great sound
and explain to them again what I'm gonna
do from this point forward I'm gonna ask
you to be very quiet I'm gonna do what's
called the induction during that
induction period I needed to be kind of
quiet you need to listen hear what I'm
saying
once they start to show and ask you to
give them a big round of applause from
that point forward you can be as loud as
you want to take as many pictures
matter of fact the louder you apply the
deeper they're gonna go okay yeah you
might as well start it anybody got a
phone up here
I collect phone not getting a drink
really I have to ask these questions
sometimes I do these shows you know the
boonies anybody having gum candy chewing
tobacco I'm telling you you go out to
like your girls nobody nothing nothing
nothing
sometimes you get some good gum on that
it's kitty all right
once again that's liking anybody so let
me ask you two all right
it's a bank relax everybody team that
actually missed one thing you really
have to understand what's gonna happen
for everybody out here once I put them
into this trance typically if you take
one in typically what happens is you get
very loose very relaxed and you'll
typically see if you before in a trance
state relax and slump over maybe to
their left and they'll slide right over
to your left
don't be afraid there you go no no
seriously right over yeah very normal to
see that and hypnosis show sometimes
your eyes will be open sometimes they'll
be closed but a lot of times they're
split all the way over to long side of
course they may not be slid all the way
over to the left what might happen is
they might slide all the way over you're
on the right side all the way over to
that way you might select there you go
very typical on other occasions you may
just be slumped forward
loose limp and relaxed very typical to
see
that's correct typically while you're in
that position you do not fall out of the
chair all right no you do not fall out
of the chair trust me all right
so those are all normal things to see
you can sit right back up and relax now
very common to see again very safe
everybody will be staying in their
chairs tonight glue your bus to the
chairs but again here we're gonna go
into that induction what we call it and
you just gonna everyone look right up
here at me looking right at me
I think flat on the floor hands in the
lamp at touching each other very good
good good all right looking right at me
take a deep breath in hold it and
release take another deep breath in
hold and release now the deepest breath
of all and fold it as you release it
allowing your eyes to close those eyes
this thing just to the music and the
sound of my voice
just relax
as you relax there in your chair
I'm going to become aware the floor
beneath your left foot it floors solid
building maybe at that foot
perhaps you become aware of your right
knee your right thigh
now that completely supports right here
perhaps you can wear the feeling of your
fingers
I'll remain single just a little bit
perhaps that left foot completely
supported by the floor beneath it just
relaxed every muscle you got left is
relaxed you can feel that relaxation to
move up your leg across you can
all the way up your thigh and your back
feel that relaxation do every muscle in
your back just relaxing going up one
vertebrae relax all the way into Mexico
just allowing you to relax
feel those muscles relaxing that Network
and relaxation was down that radar found